This is a head-gum original.
Yeah
What was that nothing?
Friday, September 16th, right?
Today's the 6th, but people are listening to it on the 23rd.
So they're all right.
It's so fun.
Yeah.
And I'm full of autumn cheer.
Nice.
Um,
Make your healer.
If you're trying to get into that fall feeling,
which is sort of like that Friday feeling,
but for all of autumn,
you have to like do it first.
You're not going to just feel the cheer.
You have to start wearing orange.
You have to start wearing earth tones.
You have to start going into leaves.
You have to start picking apples from trees.
That's what's going to make you feel a tunnel.
It's not the other way around.
And if you feel like it is,
then I genuinely feel sorry for you.
Uh, yeah, I think it's the other way around.
Really?
Yeah.
You start to have to wait for the weather to get a little crisp.
So you can't just wear a sweater.
If it's still 94 degrees up.
And as for the leaves,
if they haven't started turning here in LA,
then you can't just force that either.
Jeff is going out.
And dare I say kind of painting the roses red,
style to the evergreen forest.
Stop it.
Stop the audio.
That one lasts too long.
Well, yeah, everybody talks about painting the town red, right?
But what about painting the trees red?
Thank you.
Put the roses on the wall.
That's what I just read.
But I made an Alice in Wonderland reference.
You did, yeah.
Alice in Wonderland's pretty awesome to me.
Scared me as a child.
Because you were worried about falling in a hole?
Uh, maybe.
No, I think it was just like the red queen,
not super down with the like scary forest vibes.
I'm also a nice huge fan of the car too.
Or like the Cheshire cat like the eyes.
Yeah.
But just so we're all in the same page.
We're talking about, you know, walking cards.
I don't understand it.
Oh.
When I was in France,
the Paris Disneyland has an Alice in Wonderland maze.
Okay.
And then it wasn't scary,
but they did have like one point where the cards were like pretending to try and chop you.
They also had a raffle, right?
Meaning?
I thought Disneyland Paris is known for their sort of sweepstakes, yeah.
Well, let's play that train noise.
Chew cheer.
Full steam ahead.
That's the motto of rail.
Do you guys have any fun weekend plans?
Sort of a Spanish custard?
Uh, I was invited and then uninvited from a pool party.
How are you uninvited from a pool party?
And who's party was it?
It's one of Avital's friends, and she's like, you should come and I'm like, cool.
And then she's like, it's actually a girls-only thing.
Which is also kind of nice.
It's fun too, because then I can just sort of have it a mere day.
I had lunch every day.
What is an a mere day?
So I'll just like, yeah.
Stay at home and watch.
College, the Paula, whatever.
Yeah.
Or whatever.
Do you like college football?
Not really.
But like, at the same time, I don't like anything else.
You like that?
So, yeah, it's not on yet.
It's all turned on like Clemson, Georgia Tech, or some shit.
Some really early game.
That doesn't really have a lot of stakes and all.
But like $12 on it just feels something.
Yeah.
And if it doesn't hit all of a sudden, I feel like shit.
A game that I barely cared about is now bumming me out.
So you are basically, in a mere day, it's just gambling on sports that you don't like.
Hmm.
Close.
It's gambling on sports that I do like.
And are you happy?
No.
And I'm either pissed that it lost or fine that it hit.
So you don't even get happy if you win with that.
I just avoid the noise.
And in terms of like, I feel like most people, and this is a hot day, I think most
people watch college football to have something to talk about.
To other people.
Yeah.
Is there anyone that with friends in my life that you're pissed?
I mean, I was sort of talking to your ear off about SC last week.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
But I guess you were not talking to my ear off.
You sent me a screenshot and Marieka, by the way, of just the fact that USC played
Rice.
That's not talking my ear off.
That's a screenshot.
And the one.
Yeah.
Because Rice is bad.
Exactly.
And now we're talking about it.
You know.
You know, like drum kits will be miced individually by drum.
Yeah.
I'd like to mic you.
Meaning?
Like, yeah.
Like mic, like mic, mic, mic, mic.
You're like your nose player.
Yeah.
Like let's hear every blink.
Let's feel every sneeze in Dolby Atmos.
Seven, actually nine.
Boy, one.
Surround them.
Well, that's scary.
It's a lot of pressure.
That's true.
Let's talk about the pit wall.
Jake was maybe supposed to be on this episode.
In hindsight, not really, but I invited him twice.
I mean, you didn't respond the second time.
He's like, he's like, oh, for 11 on your most recent invites to this show, we should
say.
I feel like he's done what six months.
There's no way he's at this.
It's a sketch.
Yeah.
Let's be honest.
Which I can't say the speed.
Yeah.
You didn't make that sort of talk about it.
Right.
Yeah.
You know, like, don't be casual.
Because you honestly, you are a casual.
Sorry.
You wanted to talk about the pit wall.
Yeah.
So this is an F1 podcast for casual fans.
If you haven't heard the bish, you might as well go, uh, listen to us dish about
mixed humaker sort of being.
What's the opposite of a prodigal son?
He sort of just a son, I guess.
Yeah.
I barely was trying to think of a word, but I can't.
Prodigy.
Not a cool.
I'm prodigiously not a cool.
Um, no.
Is that a line from a rap that you already knew or did you just make it up now?
I'm prodigiously not a cool.
I'm radical.
And I know my thought, thought bubbles are exploding, like, um, oceans eroding.
That's a M&M line.
And then it goes like, uh, I got a U haul for, for my balls.
And because I got, not because I'm tired.
Because what you're saying is boring.
I was really into it actually.
Me too.
No, I love it.
Good.
Yeah.
Listen to the pit wall.
We should do a buckets pit wall crossover.
A collab.
A collab of sorts.
Yeah.
What's look like.
I think it's like what the driver equivalent is for basketball.
Hmm.
I probably.
Yeah.
The driver equivalent of Daniel Ricardo's.
Honestly, probably Russell Westbrook by performing out performance.
Uh-huh.
If you're going off personality, it's, he's Richard Jefferson.
He's Ricky Rubio with a list.
And a trist.
I mean, it's nothing to me.
If it's, well, Charlotte Claire is probably like, um, Rudy go bare.
Just in terms of.
No, he's probably because he's really good.
And you really like him.
But he always kind of comes up short.
So maybe Jimmy Butler.
Yeah.
Maybe Jimmy Butler.
He's a little less intense.
Carlos signs is like,
lovable and also good, but not a champion.
Uh, interesting.
Maybe like, uh,
lovable and good, but not a champion.
Yeah.
Charles Barkley.
No.
Charles Barkley's louder.
This guy's handsome and still.
Sorry.
You guys doing a weekly podcast.
If there's, well, he's a champion.
What if you do a, what if there's a race that weekend?
Are you still doing a podcast?
No.
But we're sort of getting together and hashing it.
And when you guys talk about the group chat on the show,
is that a Slack channel?
Or is that literally a eye message thing?
It's an eye message thing.
The show's named after the eye message that was me,
Jake and Pile that we then added Jeff and Casey to.
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah.
So you're like, we should make this a podcast.
Hmm.
Yeah.
And it's interesting that Casey has not only the latest to the game,
but also completely, like,
swerved into the idea of racing in terms of him actually being.
Yeah.
What is it called the rally car race or what are those?
Go cart.
Yeah.
So he's like, he just learned about it in Arizona, right?
We like got him into a fun during the off site.
But we also, I feel like we went.
Go carting in Arizona.
And did he win?
Multiple.
No.
Dane one.
But I feel like multiple people after that were like,
that was the best moment of my year.
Just like, go carting.
And I'm inclined to almost agree.
It's like there.
I went go carting for Billy's Bachelor party.
And I was so sick by the third go around that I was driving.
And I felt so nauseous.
I had to get out of the car.
He DMed me and was like, did a mirror go?
I was like, no.
I got motion sick.
Did you not feel that at all?
No.
Not really.
Interesting.
It really is a thrill.
I think I might do it on my birthday this year.
Shit.
I don't know.
I wish there was one slightly closer to here.
But Casey is like posting his times and he's like beating stranger.
Like I see just like a of phenom at it.
And how was he so much faster than the other go carting?
Just been going.
Well, yeah, I think so he after the off site he got into the F1 game.
That's true.
Like the video game and bot like pedals and stuff in a well to play it.
So I wonder if that like helped kind of train him into thinking about the breaking that you need for go carting.
I see.
So there is some strategy in the world.
But also, I mean, I guess I can't I'm like the last person that should be making claims about California.
But like who's a professional carder in a burbank go carting place, right?
Yeah, maybe not professional, but the fact that you go it's like the people at a bowling alley.
Like someone's going to be a lot better than me just because they're constantly going.
But he was like his first like first or second time and he was dominating it seems.
Yeah, maybe it was all kids.
Maybe it was like a kids birthday party and Casey.
Well, no.
He's screaming tweens and dreaming queens.
Well, it's going on there, Jeff.
Oh, sorry.
I'm just making an espresso.
Yeah, because you were yawning a lot during that segment.
Not really.
Yeah.
We're just we're just waxing.
There's some segments coming up.
But you know, I figured I didn't work out a couple of these.
I have a I have something related to that after drinking coffee cold brew.
Like the last decade or so off and on.
I finally made my own.
I've only bought either from a cafe or like a jug of cold brew from the store.
I've never made my own cold brew.
I used to do that and then I lost my jar.
Yeah.
So I bought it.
I bought a finger in Amazon.
I bought a thing on Amazon.
I'm fired right now.
And then we have a podcast sponsor that sends ground beans.
So I'm like, okay, I'll get those beans for free.
I'll buy the thing that like makes cold brew.
And it's relatively simply just put the beans in the water and wait 24 hours.
But I haven't had it yet.
It's in my refrigerator.
My one concern is that that sponsor doesn't send ground beans.
That sponsor sends ground beef.
So are you just soaking lamb overnight or?
Yeah, I'm having cold stew and it's been good so far.
It takes 24 hours.
It's taste and good.
No, it's been good to me.
This is not this is the last of the jarred one that I bought before.
The cold brew that I'm making.
But I had no idea like the cost of like I didn't know anything about like the ratio of beans to water.
How much money the beans cost versus the amount of cold brew I can make.
I'm not saving that much money while it looks pretty good.
Oh, really?
Yeah, it's nice.
Is that a preble?
It is a preble.
Yes.
We have one of those here.
I just made an espresso.
Did you really good?
The New York office has a brevble.
Yeah.
That's that New York shit.
LA just has cold brew on tap.
I'm like, let's get classy if this is going to get a brevble.
Yeah.
I do hot to have like an as a hot espresso in LA's.
That's true, but you can do iced.
Why are you posing for that?
He's finding his angles.
And my angles.
Wait, Marika, you're coming out to LA.
Yeah.
Yeah, we have a live show.
Wednesday.
September 22nd.
Alright, so the day before this comes out.
Yeah.
Marika.
By the time you listen to this, Marika will have come to LA and maybe even left.
Yeah.
It's true.
You leave on.
When do you come and leave?
Come on Wednesday.
Leaving Saturday.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah.
You get it.
Oh, really in his ex-room?
Yeah.
Um.
Friday might try to see the Oklahoma tour with on, yeah.
Interesting.
There was an Oklahoma tour.
Wait, is that the one that you told me to see in New York that I saw?
Yeah.
Did you see that?
It was like in a round and there's only four rows.
Yeah.
So it's that but in LA.
I remember having an issue with that plan.
I can't remember what it was.
It was like weird multimedia things going on, right?
Yeah.
Lots of like sudden darkness.
The the camera, the life camera during Portrait instead.
I love it.
It's great.
A 10 minute ballet that has.
Yeah.
That boy boots dropping from the ceiling.
I'm like, what did they do in the series?
Not that.
The dream ballet in Oklahoma was like a really like classic thing.
And a lot of people were upset that this didn't like replicate.
Replicate the original choreography as much as it could have.
But change is good, guys.
Yeah.
And it's such an old.
It's like a literally 100 year old play almost at this point.
It's pretty old.
Yeah.
So the story is feels antiquated.
But it's cool that they updated it.
Where are they doing it in LA?
Uh, maybe it's an omniscent.
I don't know.
Wow.
That's a big theater.
Yeah.
Uh, and I really wanted to see the tour.
So I'm happy that I managed to coincide with a date in LA.
Me too.
I'm happy for you.
We do have to date.
Of course.
You just.
He talked for four minutes and made an espresso during the break.
Yeah.
And we're back.
Guys, I wanted to talk about office gossip.
Uh, who's fucking who?
I have no gossip.
Really?
Yeah, really.
Because I wondered if anything was happening with like English.
She's married.
Oh, I didn't mean that.
I meant like what's up.
Like as she's starting fights is she being like a little passive aggressive to like,
I don't know.
Johnny.
No.
You have Joel's a bit of a brick.
It seems like the New York office really gets along.
Hangs out outside the office.
Me too.
Yeah.
Not you too.
Not with anybody from head to go.
Joel.
Joel's great.
Joel and I.
Every week we've had a calendar invite to watch high school musical.
The musical the series.
With each other in the office.
But we've only done it once and now the season's over.
So.
Because the show is better because you.
Guys, your schedules just don't line up.
Uh, because I usually watch it.
The day it comes out, which is Wednesday.
And by the time Thursday rolls around.
I'm like, Joel, you got to catch up.
Um, and the show is in my opinion.
Really actually good.
I applied to work on season three and it didn't work out.
I'm sorry.
What about season four?
Or whatever the next one's going to be.
Yeah.
Work on writing acting.
Whatever.
I'll be okay.
Yeah.
In the room where it happens.
To be a writer's assistant.
That's.
Um.
Last thing.
Actually.
I want to get to all of this.
Head금 live 2022.
Is it happening or not?
No.
Yeah.
Spring.
Hopefully.
Something early 2023.
Yeah.
I think we ran out of time to plan a big show in the fall.
So we're going to do it when it warms up again.
Yeah.
Why don't we stop doing the anniversary parties?
Uh, I can COVID slowed that down.
First one was like never even planned.
And then the second one was planned.
And then we had to cancel.
I remember that.
This one sort of came and went and.
Yeah.
We hadn't done it for three years.
We just had our off site.
All right.
Next year will be.
Eight.
We should do something for that.
But also like we wouldn't have to.
We don't have to fly everyone out.
We could do like satellite parties just to make it cheaper.
Let's still do it.
Which will be fun.
Yeah.
Um.
Anyway.
What office gossip?
Okay.
Your timing sucks.
Can you guys see the photo that I framed as a studio?
Yeah.
Me, Jake.
World's best dad.
That's all.
Welcome to Green Flag Workplace, right?
Buzzfeed released an article.
That was just an it was a listicle.
Really have people sharing the green flags from job interviews that tell you it's a good place to work.
Okay.
I wanted to list all of these and see if head gum passes the same tests.
Right?
All right.
So who's the arbiter because like I could say green.
Green because.
Oh my god.
Of course.
This also doesn't fully work because Marie gave you work here since what?
2016, 2017.
Yeah.
One, when they ask you questions about yourself, what are your interests?
Pobies.
What do you proud of personally to show that?
What kind of person you are rather than how much of a work course you'll be?
Do you feel that it had gum?
Do people care about you personally?
For the interview only or just like company culture.
I think the interview.
What is the point of this?
Just to see.
This is like the most realistic segment you've ever come up with.
And it's still bad to do.
Yeah.
We ask people a both a mirror and I've been in a ton of interviews.
So we ask people what their interests are.
Well, because that shows that you're interested in learning about them.
You know, and like as a person who actually has a work life balance.
Green flag then.
Green flag.
Yeah.
If asking people what they do for self-care?
Asking, like, on job interviews, do you guys ask people what they do for self-care?
Like how do they, you know, create that work life balance?
I have, yes.
I'm here.
I don't know if I have.
I'll ask about hobbies, but not specifically self-care flush.
Work life balance, yeah.
Talking more about just business.
Or sorry, talking more than just about business.
So different.
So the exact opposite.
So like basically it turns into a conversation, right?
And so that is going to feel good in the room or on the Zoom.
Do you guys make it more of a conversation?
The thing about this is that you've never been in one of the interview processes.
So like, you don't know what we actually do.
That's just over the entire interview.
Oh yeah, you did.
Um, yeah, we have like a whole thing.
Sister.
We definitely have a whole system.
And we try to get people to talk to as many people at the company as possible.
and all get a sense of vibe and interests and all that kind of stuff.
Yeah, one of the rounds of interviews is more of a culture fit versus how it's like a depth
at the job you'll be. When the person being interviewed asks about the business,
you answer with genuine passion about the company.
I answer. Are you, do you? Nobody asked me.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Again, worked here since 2016.
They also feel very vague and bland. I also don't know what we're answering.
Yeah, like which point of view do you want? This feels like a clickbait link at the bottom
was an ESPN article or something. When you talk about the job, you think about it positively.
Not really, but like, do you express excitement to someone?
If you think about that, let's read your paintings. Similar. All these are very similar.
Asked and answered. When you are interviewing someone and you're like,
oh, do you know premiere and then before they can even answer, you're like, it's okay if you don't,
like we can teach you, but like it'd be great if you did. Right? Again, what's the question?
When you guys are in interviews, do you offer some room to teach people shit?
Is that just exactly what I want it? Okay. Yes, of course.
But there will be some things that we expect them to need. Yeah. Like if we're hiring a video editor,
we expect them to know. We can't be allowed to teach you at it. Yeah. Wow.
Not really. That's the most bland thing we've ever said.
When you're interviewing someone, do you ask them if they listen to head-gum podcasts?
Yes, we ask them if they listen to podcasts and what their favorite podcast is. And I usually
specify that they don't have to say or list a head-gum podcast. But if they do, listen,
do you ever go like, well, what do you think we could be doing better? At,
no, not in that situation.
That's good. One more, right? God. Would you say that head-gum is good at retention?
Yeah. I mean, we have over 30 employees. And yeah, but like 20 of us started this year.
Yeah, even before that, I can't think of too many employees that left.
Handful.
Yeah, I feel like it's hard to.
Welcome to Menage or Six. Nikki edition.
So, I'm going to read quotes and you have to attribute it to which Nikki, six or Manage.
Okay. Who is Nikki, six? He was in Motley, crew. Okay.
Maria is melting. This is what you've done to her. Yeah.
He tossed that salad like his name, Roman. Nikki, Manage.
By main camera is a Nikon D3.
Okay. No one's in Nikki, Manage.
I'm here with correct. Maria goes wrong. That was Nikki, six.
I'm inspired by children.
It's got to be Nikki, six. I'm not like Manage's inspired by kids.
I agree. I've got my fingers in many pies. And I'm excited about creating stuff and watching
it blossom and bloom and harvest and get on with the next thing.
That again, it just like be like. I'll go six.
Correct. There's nothing more beautiful than a smile
that has struggled through tears. Six.
That was Manage. Well, respect your haters. They're the only ones who think you're better than them.
Nikki, Manage. Nikki, Manage.
Yeah. I feel like the glue to everything.
Manage. Six.
That was six.
Nothing is worse than going home having not playing a gig.
Having not had.
Six. Manage.
It was Manage. She said gig? Yeah.
What? She's really into the gig economy.
Hmm. Some girl asked me for an autograph and I asked her why.
She said she admires me. I said she should see a shrink. Then she started crying and I started laughing.
Manage. I really hope and I...
Six.
That was the most intake ten minutes. That took three and a half.
Can you guys tell what this is? What? What is it?
Oh, no.
Oh. Does it feel like it's in a chord?
A hanger is correct.
Let's lay hanger or chord.
That would have been good. If Jeff had earned it.
That game was better than the two Jeff came up with.
Yeah. Also, because I won and that felt good.
How random would it be if I got this is a tattoo?
See, that's also funnier than anything Jeff has said all that.
It's so weird. I'm like, yeah, it's like, yeah.
Or like, what if you got what if you showed up to work with prosthetic makeup that like, it looks like
hanger was stuck through your face. That's when you're like behind my head kind of like this.
You're more like King Tut style. Yeah.
But it's a hanger. Yeah. Even me like just fucking farting out half-baked.
This is funnier than what Jeff has done. He's kind of a cancer to the show.
Interesting. And out of the end of the day you're just pushing a hanger all around your face.
Yeah, exactly. All right.
This would be the worst one to get tattooized.
Yeah, it's kind of like a bad mustache. Yeah, plus yeah, would go with the right
forehead to up into my, where my hair line is. This would be so random to get.
That's fun. Sorry. Let's play. What was it Jeff? Green flag or not? Where we look at
different colors and decide that's there. Black and the better trim green. That's good. That's
really funny, actually. Even that. That's to come off. Yeah. That got him steamed it.
He's a steamed boy slash bow. How's that espresso with one ice cube in it?
Not colder. I just the lukewarm trip. I can't get to me anymore.
Why? Why? Because I don't respect me. You don't respect you. You don't respect us.
Him. Me. So I feel like we did get to you. Nothing you say.
Can make me feel any type of way. Because I've already thought the best of me and I've thought
the worst of the me. For ice cubes. As is it cold? Maybe. They melted immediately. That's
like a warm Americano. And then how does that compare to the like coffee beans that I could get
to make cold brew? Is it the same or is it more expensive? Because it's espresso beans. You want
it? Any coffee beans? Any coffee beans? Any coffee bean can be made into an espresso. Yeah.
So it's not a different bean. It's just the different way of preparing the coffee beans. Yeah.
Yeah. So I could take these beans and make cold brew. You can take them and make an espresso.
I used to make cold brew out of these beans. And now I used to make espresso. And how much does it
how much does it cost per bag? 20 bucks. Yeah. 20 bucks for like eight espresso. Maybe more.
Probably more. Well, also I'm near. Aren't you making like cold brew concentrate? When
yeah, you're supposed to mix it with milk and water. Yeah. Yeah. You don't, you're not supposed to
mix it with milk or water. Just water for sure. But the bag can make basically three like of the
pictures and the pictures like a quart which could last, you know, three to four drinks.
Yeah. It's definitely cheaper than buying. I mean, intelligence is coffee's five dollars
50 cents and you have to add like you have to add a tip. Oh, that one is the most I was
comparing it to like a jug of cold brew. I can buy it like Whole Foods. Yeah. I think it's like
the price. Yeah. I started doing the the jug situation. Yeah. The jug at that. Whole Foods are like the
jug at home. The jug at Whole Foods. The Whole Foods are any grocery store or any. Yeah. It seems
like it's like half and half like making at home is like five dollars of quart and then it's like
$10 a quart at Whole Foods and then like if you buy literally a cold brew every day that's like $40.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh, America. I'm coming to New York in October. I think. Do you know when yet?
Either the first or second weekend we should go to just one weekend. Yeah. Seems like a quick trip for
cross country travel. No. Why not? I'll probably go ahead. I'll go on a Wednesday and then leave
on Sunday. Yeah. I would leave Monday. Why? Just so you can like not be stressed out on Sunday. Yeah.
Trying to cram it all in and get to JFK by what? Four.
Then maybe I'll leave on Monday. Right? Well, at that point you might as well do Tuesday. How are
you mad at us giving you travel advice? We're literally telling you to enjoy your trip more
in your pistons. No, you know what you're right because I want to go to Sunday in Brooklyn.
Have you ever been there? No, we're interested on Sunday. Yeah, Brooklyn. It's the best
brunch I've ever had. Interesting. It's so what it's just eggs. I literally used to live on that
street. You get scrambled eggs and potatoes and it's the best you've ever had. The best breakfast
sandwich I've ever seen or had or her name. Where would you stay? With Johnny and eight my friend
AJ. Oh, that's cool. Couch crashing or they got a bed situation. They got a spare bedroom. Nice. So
I mean, that's just like $500 a night. I mean, those two tell us together. Pricy. Do they live together?
Yeah, really? They do. Yeah. Since, well, I know that since like a month and a half ago.
That's your two friends that met through you are now living together. Yeah, that's not the first time
that's happened. Really? I'm a match maker. I'm a snatch taker. You've never
taken a snatch. What's that? I said you've never made me friends.
I've tried. What does that mean? We've gone out together. You met my friends. You could have
been friends with them independently. I guess. Who would you match Marika up with roommate
was of all of your friends? Honestly, AJ. He's already taken show. Yeah. Yeah, it's all hypothetical.
Well, she's not even trying to move. Sorry. Now I'm getting actually upset. Yeah. What about
George? I feel like we can get along because we both like cooking stuff, right? Yeah, maybe George.
Who would you put with me? I would not compare you with, like, you know,
not love to hear it. He clearly have someone in mind who would I live with. Probably someone, like,
I'm trying to think of who my most violent unhinged friend is just like, because they can chance
no, it's best be like the Yin and Yin because I want you to die. So like,
highest chances of that happening, maybe, you know, my buddy Mason. He has a panther. He has an
attention for anger. We're free-style rapping again. I'm Mr. New York. All right, plugs. What
do you guys have going on September 23rd? This comes out or some ship? Yeah. Thank you for coming to
the headgun live show. That was yesterday. It was a blast. It was insane. Great time. It was fun.
There's a movie. Wait, Jeff, I'm hosting with you, right? Yeah. Do we know what that entails?
I have, like, my own set that I want to do and then I thought you and I could just MC or something.
What about Dale? He also hosting with Danny. Danny's probably going to want his own
five to ten minutes, I think. But we should up on a call to talk. Yeah, with him. Like, just,
are we doing together independently? I need to plan quite frankly. I can't just show up on the day
with that agenda. I mean, I see a run of show. There is that. I'll just see that. I'll be soon.
I mean, the run of show is like, just times like it's you, Danny, Jeff, start the show 730.
You're just reading the agenda instead of going to the show. George's car got egged last night.
This was two minutes ago. He texted me in my roommate. This won't super pertain to
either of you because I'm the only one who parks on blank, a different street near us. But my car
got vandalized last night. Nothing crazy, shaving cream and eggs, but flagging there are vandals
of shaving cream. Vandalized. Oh my god. Was it a bunch of cars next to him or not really? The reason
he parks on the street is because nobody parks on there. Why? Because it's kind of out of the way and
residential. Yeah. But yeah, I don't understand. That's so funny and bad.
All right. At Jeff, where do you on Twitter? I think we're 169 away 159 from 10,000,
where I will bear my ass. We're all to see. And, uh, Mariaica? Mariaica Elon on Twitter, Instagram,
and letter box. Let's get those. All of those social followers up. I want to see everyone turn up
for me. And listen to the pit wall so that we can keep making more episodes because I really want
to make everyone watch the television show that I found that is a romance novel turned into a TV show
about an F-1 driver because I think that'll be bad. That's the offshoot to the pit wall.
A spin-off one. Yeah. Listen or watch it wherever you get your podcasts. Please.
Love it. And we'll see you guys again next week. That's Dallas folks. We got to do an in-person one.
I feel like it's been next week. Yeah, it's been next week. Let's do it.
I'm going to call Mason. Why? Now he's going to be with you for sure. No. Okay.
That was a hit-dum original.